Core Bull is the first 100% Coremunity driven meme token on CORE Blockchain

Supply: 210 million tokens

LP: locked for 1year

Buy tax: 5% sell tax: 7%

Max tx: 4,1000,000 $Bull Max wallet 10,500,000 $Bull 
https://scan.coredao.org/address/0x7920d19851e726e3ada2fdc5df4456f8c071e5c8
Coremunity airdrop allocation 25%(52500000 $Bull) vested for 3Months

Website https://Coremunity.lol
twitter https://twitter.com/COREmunity


Please agree
These Terms of Use (Terms of Use) and all policies posted on our website tell you how to access and use our website at https://petaverse.com/ (Website).

For information regarding the processing of personal data, please see our Privacy Notice at https://petaverse.com/privacy-policy, and for information regarding the use of our Pet NFT Platform (Platform), please see our Pet NFT Platform Terms and Conditions at https://petaverse.com/nft-terms-and-conditions.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE.

Last updated: 4th November 2022

Who we are and how you accept these Terms of Use
We are Tiny Rebel Games Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 10185630 whose registered address is C/O 64 New Cavendish Street, London W1G 8TB (we/us/our).
By using our Website, you confirm that you accept these Terms of Use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must not access or use our Website (including the Platform).
We may amend these Terms of Use from time to time. Every time you wish to use our Website, please check these Terms of Use to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
Use of our Website
Our Website is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our Website will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or restrict the availability of all or any part of our Website for business and operational reasons
We want to ensure that our Website is as accessible and available at all times, so if you have any difficulties using our Website, please let us know at support@petaverse.com.
Intellectual property and copyright
Intellectual property rights in the material posted on our Website and your right to use them. We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Website (including the Platform) and all material published on the Website. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. This means that you are not permitted to copy and/or use any such content other than in accordance with this clause. In particular, you are not permitted to copy any artwork (or any part of the artwork) and/or any ideas depicted on our Website and/or Platform in order to create your own non-fungible tokens (each, an NFT) and/or your own images, whether digital or not. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy and may download extracts of any page(s) from our Website for your personal use only. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our Website must always be acknowledged.
Commercial use of our content. You must not use any part of the content on our Website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us.
No data mining or web scraping.You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our Website and/or Platform. This includes using (or permitting, authorising or attempting the use of): (a) any "robot", "bot", "spider", "scraper" or other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, code, process or methodology to access, obtain, copy, monitor or republish any portion of the site or any data, content, information or services accessed via the same; and (b) any automated analytical technique aimed at analysing text and data in digital form to generate information which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.
Content is provided for general information only.The content on our `Website and/or Platform is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action based on the content on our Website and/or Platform. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our Website and/or Platform, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our Website and/or Platform is accurate, complete or up to date.
Linking to our Website and/or Platform.You may link to our home page only, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Website and/or Platform on any website that is not owned by you. Our Website and/or Platform must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our Website and/or Platform other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Third-party sites, products and services.Where our Website and/or Platform contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, such as social media platform and crypto wallet providers, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Any interaction (or dispute) you may subsequently have with those third parties is subject to those third parties' terms only.
Do not misuse our Website
You must not misuse our Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Website, the server on which our Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to our Website.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations.. If we breach these terms or are negligent, we are liable to you for foreseeable loss or damage that you suffer as a result. By 'foreseeable' we mean that, at the time the agreement was made, it was either clear that such loss or damage would occur, or you and we both knew that it might reasonably occur, as a result of something we did (or failed to do).
We are not liable to you for any loss or damage that was not foreseeable, any loss or damage not caused by our breach or negligence, or any business loss or damage.
While we try to keep our Website safe and protected, we do not guarantee that our Website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or our Website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales, and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of these Terms of Use.